[declare] Allow custom typing flags when declaring constants. (#12586)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/12-misc/12586-declare+typing_flags.rst

- **Added:**

>   Typing flags can now be specified per-constant, this does allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Typing flags can now be specified per-constant, this allows
```

- **Added:**
  Typing flags can now be specified per-constant / inductive, this
  allows to fine-grain specify them from plugins or attributes. See

>   the reference manual for details on attribute syntax.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  :ref:`controlling-typing-flags` for details on attribute syntax.
```
